This repository must be built with Coq 8.8.

For full installation instructions, see LIBRARIES.md.

To build the Coq, run `make coq`.

The file `ett_inf.v` is generated by LNgen and includes lemma statements but
not proofs. (All of the proofs are "Admitted"). The full version with proofs 
is in `ett_inf_full.v`. It takes about an hour to compile.

The submitted (anonymous) version of the paper includes references to the files
and names of each lemma statement in the paper. These proofs are about the language
summarized in Section 4, not the simplified version of the language that appears 
in Section 3.  Our submitted version of the paper also mentions an axiom about 
renaming. We have since proved this result. 

Our Coq develpment requires no axioms.

Development overview.

Libraries (not language specific)
* dep_prog.v       - support for dependently-typed programming in Coq
* fset_facts.v     - lemmas about finite sets
* imports.v        - external libraries (such as ssreflect) and global settings
* tactics.v        - (our own) general purpose tactics & solvers
* tactics_ecomp.v  - (our own) general purpose tactics & solvers
* tactics_safe.v   - (our own) general purpose tactics & solvers
* utils.v          - auxiliary definitions
* utils_fun.v      - auxiliary definitions
* notations.v      - make things pretty

Syntactic definitions
* ett.ott        - source definitions in OTT
* ett_ott.v      - Coq definitions from OTT  [generated]
* ett_inf.v      - Coq definitions & lemmas from lngen [generated]
* ett_inf_cs.v   - ett_inf plus canonical structures
* ett_ind.v      - induction scheme, gather_atoms
                   more syntactic infrastructure results
				   
Example concrete signature

* fix_typing.v   - defines toplevel signature to include fixed point operator
* toplevel.v     - properties about the toplevel signatures

Properties about type-agnostic functions and relations:

* beta.v         - lc / subst for beta reduction relation
* ett_par.v      - facts about parallel reduction
* ett_value.v    - Value


Files for reasoning about roles and pattern matching

* ett_path.v     - terms headed by a constructor (F)
* ett_rename.v   - nominal treatment of axioms
* ett_roleling.v - metatheory of roleling judgement
* param.v        - reasoning about "param" Role operator, i.e. min


Metatheory of Curry-style Language
* ext_wf.v       - well-formedness of judgements, i.e. local closure, ctx wff
* ext_context_fv.v - free variables contained in the context
* ext_weak.v     - weakening lemma
* ext_subst.v    - substitution lemma
* ext_invert.v   - inversion lemmas, regularity   G |- a : A => G |- A : *
* ext_red.v      - preservation lemma (Par relation)
* ext_red_one.v  - facts about Values & reduction_in_one
* ext_consist.v  - consistency via confluence & reduction


